README.md, before:

# electronic-asset Project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/electronic-asset-1.0.0-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.

## Related Guides

- SmallRye Fault Tolerance ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/microprofile-fault-tolerance)): Build fault-tolerant network services
- SmallRye Health ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/microprofile-health)): Monitor service health

## Provided Code

### SmallRye Health

Monitor your application's health using SmallRye Health

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/smallrye-health)

Commit message:

more black-box tests for department service

README.md, after:

# rest-book Project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/rest-book-1.0.0-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.

## Related Guides

- Hibernate ORM with Panache ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm-panache)): Simplify your persistence code for Hibernate ORM via the active record or the repository pattern
- Hibernate Validator ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/validation)): Validate object properties (field, getter) and method parameters for your beans (REST, CDI, JPA)
- SmallRye OpenAPI ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/openapi-swaggerui)): Document your REST APIs with OpenAPI - comes with Swagger UI
- RESTEasy Classic JSON-B ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/rest-json)): JSON-B serialization support for RESTEasy Classic
- JDBC Driver - PostgreSQL ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/datasource)): Connect to the PostgreSQL database via JDBC
- RESTEasy Classic ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/resteasy)): REST endpoint framework implementing JAX-RS and more

## Provided Code

### RESTEasy JAX-RS

Easily start your RESTful Web Services

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/getting-started#the-jax-rs-resources)
